hi people thanks for turning on
and welcome to my
Hands-on districts on the mwc in
barcelona featured sony xperia
2 is the successor to the name said,
sean stone xperia since 1 both on the
So first it is at the second glance
really hard to find new things
we'll go anyway
completely through in detail and start
on the back side
This one is out of glass on the top left
camera with photo-led one in the middle
sony lettering and below is xperia
Andrea brings us to the right side
hidden under a cap can be found
here the micro sd card slot of something
become one off power button
the louder soft rocker and one
dedicated camera button we turn it
once again and pale on the top
there are in 35 millimeters
jack and a secondary microphone
for active noise cancellation
for example when we are on the phone
or record a video
on the left also below
a cap micro sim card slot and
also the micro usb connection then
we get a lot of housing with us
have the skeleton slam structure here
or even the balance design that
is called front glasswork glass and in the
middle of a frame of the whole
holds together
down there is one of two
solve to pack a loop rhine
down there is the second evil
see and three doping connections
below the display there are the three
typical android buttons back so
home and all running applications and
above there is light and on
Proximity sensors a sony lettering
a notification led and to
still a 2 megapixel front camera
The display is 52 inches tall
full hd trilogy - display with ex
reality for mobile 16 million colors
and a resolution of just said
with 1920 x 1080 pixels
we come to the end again
the most important technical data the
main camera resolves with 20 7 megapixel the
front camera with 2 megapixels on the
Battery has 3200 mAh too
the z2 comes again with ip 55 and 58
Certification means one
quarter of an hour to one and a half meters can
you
Part also under water without that
I want to break that, I emphasize
black and white are purple
typical colors you know from sony
and second quarter of 2014, it should be for 600
euro ovp appear
powered by android 4.4 kitkat the
latest version plus of course the
sony xperia and a 2 3 ghz quad-core
processor the qualcomm snapdragon 801
the thing comes down to a decent one
The three of them also contribute to this
gigabyte ram at 16 gb is the
internal memory 64 gigabytes per
micro sd card are possible with 146 x 8
3 73 x 82 mm and 158 grams is the
Good in the hand
that was it with my shirt and the xperia
very two maybe i can get that
Still running properly deliver yet
a few videos after that was from me
Thanks for your time